BD-3322 Update DnD dark mode FAQ (#7815)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/drag_and_drop/faq.md

> This page provides answers to some frequently asked questions related to the drag-and-drop editor for email.

### Can I preview how my email appears in dark mode?

> Yes. Go to the **Preview and Test** section of the drag-and-drop editor and select the dark mode toggle. We recommend also previewing and testing your emails across different user platforms and using transparent images for row background images when possible. 

Reviewer: Minor edit: For toggles/switches, we should default to turn on / turn off unless otherwise needed for clarity. 

```suggestion
Yes. Go to the **Preview and Test** section of the drag-and-drop editor and turn on **Dark mode**. We recommend also previewing and testing your emails across different user platforms and using transparent images for row background images when possible. 
```
